Okay, so as I've been writing my very small codebase,
it's possible that you've been following along
and your code is littered with these red snakes.
And that's because I think ESLint in VS Code
for me was disabled, but I just re-enabled it,
and now it is just this mess of red.
So, don't worry, I have your back for this.
In the slides is a link to a gist
that has an ESLint config, and you can instal,
I mean I've installed these now locally to my project.
ESLint, eslint-plugin-react, definite need, config-airbnb,
I was using, but I'm not 100% sure if I need it or not.
But we can instal it just to be on the safe side.
So the gist has two files:
one is the eslintrc file,
which just is set up to do modules and so on so forth,
and the second thing is an eslintignore file.
And the first directory it's ignoring is .next,
which contains all the temporary files that compile
to actually render the page, and that's actually
where everything goes when you do a next build.
And the out directory, which is the default directory
for when you're exporting all of next
into a static directory, which we will look at later on.
But I'm just gonna grab this, and I'm just gonna
pop it straight into an ESLint JSON file,
in the root of my project: .eslintrc.json.
Yes, I wanna save it. Okay.
And magically, all those snakes have gone.
Good stuff. Okay.
And I'm just gonna pop this into eslintignore,
so that I can run it on the command line as well.
So I'm just gonna do paste .eslintignore,
and then we can see the file, great.
Okay, so that's how to get rid of your squiggly snakes.